what is going on YouTube it's kids one
here and you may be asking well what's
in the box I will tell you what's in the
box I will show you what's in the box
it is a shipment from bobbin science I
am extremely excited to get this
particular one for a few reasons partly
because it is first the first shipment
I've gotten with their new diamond
package they've just released in
character colors so it's a lot of like
Beijing
they also had their offer on for a free
pocket can its Amala copán so I've never
even seen these before I'll have to
figure them out later but you can see
them compared to my hand they're pretty
small I wouldn't exactly say pocket size
but give it to me in chrome that's nice
so I'm really happy with that and for
free you got to be happy with it so I'm
here I have some mala toe markers that I
needed to stop back up on so I'll open
these so to start off I thought royal
blue and mala toe and I got it's a
lighter blue here I forget what that's
called you can see it compared to the
other one then an even lighter blue I
use my blues for a lot of things so
that's why I got those after that I have
to dare orange markers one yellow one
mr. green to traffic Reds and one purple
so altogether that's ten markers I
thought so next up of course you get the
free 25 New York fats with your order of
a diamond task so first off god mocha a
nice color I like it I'm I'm pretty into
these kind of shades of colors so it's
another reason I'm really excited for
this hat arrived
Frasor it basically looks like a white
to me maybe like a bone
color I'll really have to test that out
of course now they're putting the
Widowmaker fat caps on these new cans
vegan caps are no longer the stock cap
that comes on this kapa a about it
really is kind of an odd color and you
have oat wouldn't exactly be it's not
exactly what I'd call out easily but
Berwyn it's a pretty light color a lot
of these colors look really similar on
camera I'm sure Oh what is this
it's a Hitachi but ty the color ring is
not on this so that's a bit of a mystery
I guess we're gonna have to figure out
what color that is and you have your
normal Roorkee black each diamond have
comes with a black and white so here's
where Aspen white nothing much special
with those and Teague's love it's kind
of a really light pink there so that's
cool so in the bottom here I guess they
send me that for this and of course a
bombing science sticker they like to
represent and $5 and $10 off my next
orders and the bill here so I got a
diamond pack a free pocket can't 25 caps
and ten more little markers and all
together came up to a hundred and three
dollars so you might be thinking that's
not that good of price but the mall the
toe markers really drive up the price
and
it's it's a pretty good deal overall the
paint was $37 for nine cans so that's
incredibly good so that's about it for
this shipment yes we'll get reviews on
some of the stuff if you want and lots
more coming so rate comment subscribe
peace